docs: add example of setting DSN params (#21)
ocient/superset: docs/docs/databases/ocient.mdx

## Connecting to Ocient

> The Ocient DSN is of the format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the Ocient DSN is:
```

```shell
ocient://user:password@[host][:port][/database][?param1=value1&...]
```

> The DSN for connecting to an `exampledb` database hosted at `examplehost:4050` with TLS enabled looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DSN for connecting to an `exampledb` database hosted at `examplehost:4050` with TLS enabled is:
```
